Add common CE questions to requirements (#16855)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/campaigns/references/requirements.md

# Requirements

Campaigns has requirements for the Sourcegraph server version, its connected code hosts and developer environments.

## Code hosts

Campaigns is compatible with the following code hosts:

* Github.com
* Github Enterprise 2.20 and later
* GitLab 12.7 and later (burndown charts are only supported with 13.2 and later)

> * Bitbucket server 5.7 and later

Reviewer: To align with Atlassian's branding:

```suggestion
* Bitbucket Server 5.7 and later
```

### Campaigns effect on code host rate limits

> Each changeset makes multiple API requests to its code host so that its status and other information is current. Sourcegraph intelligently schedules these requests to avoid overwhelming the code host's rate limits. In environments with many open campaigns, this can result in outdated changesets as they await their turn in the update queue.

Reviewer: A couple of fairly technical suggestions that I hope don't make this less clear:

```suggestion
For each changeset, Sourcegraph periodically makes API requests to its code host to update its status. Sourcegraph intelligently schedules these requests to avoid overwhelming the code host's rate limits. In environments with many open campaigns, this can result in outdated changesets as they await their turn in the update queue.
```

Author: Lovely.

> Each changeset makes multiple API requests to it's code host so that it's status and other information is current. Sourcegraph intelligently schedules these requests to avoid overwhelming the code host's rate limits. In environments with many open campaigns, this can result in outdated changesets as they await their turn in the update queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each changeset makes multiple API requests to its code host so that its status and other information is current. Sourcegraph intelligently schedules these requests to avoid overwhelming the code host's rate limits. In environments with many open campaigns, this can result in outdated changesets as they await their turn in the update queue.
```

> We **highly recommend** enabling webhooks to increase performance and reduce api requests accociated with large campaigns:

Reviewer: I think we should explain the why a touch more here:

```suggestion
We **highly recommend** enabling webhooks: doing so removes the lag time in updating the status of a changeset, and reduces the API requests associated with large campaigns. We have instructions for each supported code host:
```

Author: Much better. Lag time is an important factor.

* [GitHub](../../admin/external_service/github.md#webhooks)
* [Bitbucket Server](../../admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#webhooks)
* [GitLab](../../admin/external_service/gitlab.md#webhooks)

### A note on campaigns effect on CI systems

> Campaigns makes it possible to create changesets in tens or thousands of repositories. These changesets may trigger many checks or continuous integration jobs that may stress the resources allotted to these systems. Campaigns supports partial publishing for changesets to help mitigate these issues. You may also consider publishing your changesets at times of low activity.  

Reviewer: As we discussed this morning, we're probably missing an intermediate how-to right now on how to strategise a gradual rollout, at least until we have this built into campaigns. In the meantime, here's a link to a hopefully better place for users to get more detail, along with a rhetorical suggestion:

```suggestion
Campaigns makes it possible to create changesets in tens, hundreds, or thousands of repositories. Opening and updating these changesets may trigger many checks or continuous integration jobs, and in turn may stress the resources allotted to these systems. Campaigns supports [partial publishing for changesets](../how-tos/publishing_changesets.md#publishing-a-subset-of-changesets) to help mitigate these issues. You may also consider publishing your changesets at times of low activity.  
```

## Sourcegraph server

> While the latest version of Sourcegraph server is always recommended, version 3.22 or greater is the minimum version required to run campaigns.

Reviewer: "Version X or greater" feels a touch redundant:

```suggestion
While the latest version of Sourcegraph server is always recommended, version 3.22 is the minimum version required to run campaigns.
```

> ## Requirements for developers creating campaigns

Reviewer: Developers is a bit overloaded in our docs with the "developer" section, so how about:

```suggestion
## Requirements for campaign creators
```

* Latest version of the [Sourcegraph CLI `src`](../../cli/index.md)
  * `src` is supported on Linux or macOS, Windows support is experimental
* Docker

>   * MacOS:

Reviewer 3: The correct spelling would be `macOS` :)

>     * If using Docker 3.x, ensure your version is at least 3.0.1

Reviewer 3: I think 3.0.1 is still broken. No working stable version is released yet. On docker 3, users MUST disable the gRPC FUSE file system

    * In 3.x versions, the gRPC setting must be disabled
* Disk space

>   * Disk equal to each campaign's largest repository plus any dependencies or requirements required by the run steps, times the number of parallel jobs is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The required disk space is equal to each campaign's largest repository plus any dependencies or requirements specified by the run steps, times the number of parallel jobs.
```

>     * The default number of parallel jobs is equivalent to the number of cores in the system running src-cli. This setting is configurable.

Reviewer: To flesh this out a touch more, and add a link:

```suggestion
    * The default number of parallel jobs defaults to the number of CPU cores on the system running src-cli. This setting can be configured with the [`-j` flag when running `src campaign apply` or `src campaign preview`](../../cli/references/campaigns/apply.md).
```

Author: Beautiful.

> * Disk space is also required for the generated patches. This requirement *is* cumulative across each repository altered.

Reviewer 2: Feels like this should be under the "disk space" bullet point.

Author: True. I fixed the indentation.
